 Protecting what matters most to our associates and consumers by securing our sensitive data and critical assets from current and emerging threats. At The Home Depot, Cybersecurity consists of Architecture, Governance, Identity & Access Management, Internal Threat Operations, Issue and Compliance Management, Risk Assessment/Advisory, Security Consulting, Security Operations, Service Optimization and Strategic Planning.
Cybersecurity Engineer utilizes business knowledge and technical experience of cybersecurity to provide a secure environment for the business.
Key Responsibilities:

    100% Deliver Execution & Problem Solving - Troubleshoot and quickly resolve escalated incidents Investigate and recommend corrective actions related to incidents Collaborate with Enterprise Technology to configure and integrate cybersecurity systems and services that mitigate risk Design, build, configure, maintain and monitor cybersecurity threat defense capabilities and user access management

Direct Manager/Direct Reports:

    This Position typically reports to Manager or Sr. Manager
    This Position has 0 Direct Reports

Travel Requirements:

    No travel required.

Physical Requirements:

    Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.

Working Conditions:

    Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.

Minimum Qualifications:

    Must be eighteen years of age or older.
    Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.

Minimum Education:

    The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a high school diploma and/or GED.

Minimum Years of Work Experience:

    0

Preferred Years of Work Experience:

    No additional years of experience

Competencies:

    Action Oriented
    Collaborates
    Communicates Effectively
    Customer Focus
    Drives Results

